Brian K. Dunbar
4020 Long Hollow Pike
Goodlettsville, TN 37072
(615) 484-5459
brian.dunbar@gmail.com

SUMMARY

Proactive systems administrator and operations engineer with in-depth experience managing
and maintaining UNIX and Windows servers in local and wide area networks. Expertise with
network management software, personal computer and network hardware, and many
manufacturing and productivity applications.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

OPERATING      AWS, Linux, Windows Server
SYSTEMS:

NETWORK:       F5 Big-IP Local Traffic Manager, Juniper, managed switches

HARDWARE:     Intel servers, SPARC servers, Juniper managed switches, bar-code
              scanners, hubs, switches, printers

SOFTWARE:      Chef, Terraform, Apache, Nginx, many more

LANGUAGES:    BASH. Familiarity with T-SQL, Ruby, Python

EXPERIENCE


Universal Music Group						              May 2020 - Present
Entertainment

Senior Systems Engineer, Corporate IT

Engineer for newly created Corporate IT group, with the mission to insource a diverse array of
services and responsibilities.  Responsible for 3rd tier support for servers and associated
services including front-line applications, back-end services across cloud and on-premises data
centers.


 Key team member for servers to relocate applications and services from a large, obsolete data
center to cloud and a new on-premises data center. Recognized by leadership as saving the
company two million in savings.
 Led multi-team effort to reduce costs in cloud: identifying abandoned and underutilized
resources including disk, virtual desktop, and un-utilized load balancers.  Estimated savings
from the desktop initiative at around 60k.

 Led team automation initiative for server provisioning and upkeep to include use of Github for
script and code sharing, and standing up Chef and Ansible installs to determine which is optimal
for UMG use.


Mission                                                                                               January, 2015 - May 2020
Managed Services and Consulting

Senior Cloud Engineer, Operations

Operations Engineer for a managed services provider. Responsible for the daily and long-term
environment of a diverse array of customers, including Tier 3 operations, providing guidance to
management and guidance, oversight, and mentoring to Tier 1 and 2 engineers.

 Key engineer for long term effort to standardize automation and application delivery on
Terraform and Chef.

 Directly responsible for the success of a project that migrated a traditional on-premises
customer-facing environment into an AWS on-time and budget, with no unexpected downtime.

  Key technical asset assisting management to establish and define a formal tiered hierarchy,
allowing operations to reduce major incident management tickets by 80% over two months, and
increase customer satisfaction over the same period.



Cicayda LLC, Nashville, Tennessee                                             July, 2013 - December 2014
Legal Technology and Services

Systems Administrator

Systems administrator for a small, growing company in the legal technology field.
Responsible for day-to-day administration including production SaaS system, customer
service support teams, for a diverse set of systems: local data center, Amazon Web
Services hosts.

 During an unexpected systems outage following a migration from AWS to hosted
systems, spearheaded restoration of systems on AWS, including customer data.


 Assisted migration of existing Ansible framework from version 1.1 to 1.5, requiring
major restructure of logic and associated playbooks.

 Stood up and configured Active Directory and related services for Services group,
including processing services and server farm.

PLEXUS CORPORATION, Neenah, Wisconsin                           September 2003 - July,
2013
Electronics Manufacturer

Systems Administrator

Systems Administrator with Enterprise Resource Planning group, providing systems
administration for global deployment and operation of the JDE ERP system. Responsible
for deployment and operation of manufacturing systems utilizing JDE, Oracle and related
technology, including Oracle, Agile PLM, AribaBuyer, bar code scanning systems, label
printing systems and file, print and fax services, on Solaris and Windows Servers.

 Led pilot project to implement orchestration and management of servers using Puppet
automation software. Project successfully managed a dozen servers, turned over pilot
to my peers on departure from the corporation.

 Participated in six implementations of JDE system in remote facilities, with no
unplanned production outages. During these roll outs directly responsible for success
of bar code scanning and label printing system.

 Responsible for installation and operation of AribaBuyer purchase order system,
enabling purchasing department to centralize operations, eliminate costly and
redundant paper-based purchasing system, and reducing cost-to-purchase from
(estimated) $10 per transaction to less than $1,00 per, as well as increasing speed of
purchase order from weeks to hours.

 Upgraded Product Lifecycle Management software to major new version, while
moving systems to a virtual environment, changing application servers to new
platform. Directly responsible for upgrade on-time and with only planned disruption.
Directly responsible for implementing F-5 Big-IP local traffic management (LTM)
allowing for transparent failover and ease of maintenance.

 Expanded Local Traffic Management (LTM) to include mission-critical in-house
shop-floor system, allowing for easier growth and maintenance of web-server farm.
Became familiar with F5's TCL-based iRule language to manage traffic flow, inject
data in payloads.

PLEXUS CORPORATION, Dallas, TX                                                         October 2000 -
2003
Electronics Manufacturer

Systems Administrator

Systems Administrator with a printed circuit board (PCB) design bureau., providing
desktop and systems administration. Responsible for file, fax and print services, desktop
maintenance, CAD tool setup and administration of automated process taking design
from customer to fabrication facility, using Solaris, Windows server. Implemented major
revision upgrade of Mentor Graphics (PCB CAD tool) including
integration with existing automation and tool set, with no unplanned system outages
and no loss of productivity.

 Utilizing 'found' hardware in storage, retrieved CAD files from a ten year old backup
tape set that, while not directly billable, provided enormous good-will to customer,
who was otherwise facing a major re-engineering effort.

TECHNICAL EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATION

AWS Architecture Associate - 2017
Network Appliance Data ONTAP Fundamentals - 2006
Solaris 9 Advanced Administration - 2003
Certified Solaris 7 System Administrator - 2000
Solaris 7 System Administration I and II - 2000
Network Operations Management Seminar - 1999
7 Habits of Highly Effective People - 1999
Core Technologies of MS Exchange Server 5.0 - 1997
Certified Banyan Specialist - 1996
Small Computer Systems Course - 1992
